README.md, before:

# Real-Good-Notes
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?logo=github)

## Description
This project is an excersize in reverse engineering a back end  for a prebuilt front end web app that is designed to store notes for easy access at a later date. It utilzies express.js as well as uuid packages.

## Table of Contents
- [License](#license)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#Questions)

## License
 This repository is licensed under
    MIT
## User Story
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

## Installation
 there are no install steps

## Usage
 A User can use this Application to take notes.

## Contributing
 [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md) Contributions adhere to the Contributor Covenant, for more information go to https://www.contributor-covenant.org/

## Tests
 Testing was not involved in the creation of this application.

## Questions

 Feel free to peruse my git hub profile here:
 https://github.com/JoshEflin

 Or send an email to:
 eflinjh@gmail.com
 with  any further questions.

Commit message:

added screenshot and link to deployed app

README.md, after:

# Real-Good-Notes
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?logo=github)

## Description
This project is an excersize in reverse engineering a back end  for a prebuilt front end web app that is designed to store notes for easy access at a later date. It utilzies express.js as well as uuid packages.

## Table of Contents
- [License](#license)
- [User-Story](#user-story)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Links](#links)
- [Questions](#Questions)

## License
 This repository is licensed under
    MIT
## User-Story
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

## Installation
 there are no install steps

## Usage
 A User can use this Application to take notes.

## Screenshots
[screenshot](./img/Screenshot.png)

## Contributing
 [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md) Contributions adhere to the Contributor Covenant, for more information go to https://www.contributor-covenant.org/

## Tests
 Testing was not involved in the creation of this application.

## Links
The Deployed app is located at the below URL
https://note-taker934823.herokuapp.com/

## Questions

 Feel free to peruse my git hub profile here:
 https://github.com/JoshEflin

 Or send an email to:
 eflinjh@gmail.com
 with  any further questions.
